[Music] I
don't know if you know that about a
strong thing about a strong thing that I don't
like I don't like the truth is that I'm
very happy today I was very happy
also I spoke with both of them this morning and
Antonio is back on YouTube tomorrow he's back on YouTube
okay we will give him our support
of course because we are with him in
what has happened to him even though we don't
agree with him on some
situations and on some things
that everyone has the right to
work and all that stuff no
and tomorrow Antonio Davis starts on YouTube
back after his
vacation and days in Turin coincidence
that suddenly he sends me this
notification
but man Antonio should draw a
line in between he doesn't say it's a it's a
story of they will be from
Marta risk okay in which
your father has spoken out and sees you
Albert don't tell me Pilar said something and
Federico on his return from vacation but
when I heard
today well if he sends me and the click it will be a
pleasure to see it this here he is messing
with Olga because they say this is not about
bad and good the easy thing is  take sides
with the one who seems weaker and attack
the other without compassion when you
do it and think that I am delighted
with being the focus and being famous put on
google put put martha's put on
google how many exclusives have I given and
how many has the other given and as for
reality shows we have appeared and on what
dates they were signed also look for the
image of April 24th
my boyfriend's birthday where I was not invited but
she posed next to him and his family
having already acknowledged that we were together
and she smiled next to her ex mother-in-law silencing
everyone who had given an interview
talking about her ex-husband and father of her
daughter and without saying anything to anyone
while I was crying at home watching those
images
hey
this before there should not be allowed I do
not blame him but he should allow it let's see
the move is that look marta risk has
returned to tv okay I do not know if this
can be heard all this had nothing to
do with the reality of the
instagram account that dismantles the lies of
the photos of influencers is talking
about an instagram account
what criticisms  famous people who retouch their photos a lot
but well what interests us says
from a screenshot of Carmen
that Carmen well Carmen I think I have not
followed the sample Carmen I think she is
against us but what she says like this
so that you can see it better but Carmen I think she is
like against us be
Carmen I think she is not a follower of
our channel but rather she is like very much
against us no and Carmen says I think
Antonio David is lucky very
lucky to have found Olga Moreno who does
not want to be in the spotlight and truly loves
David and Rocío Flores because if he had found
others he would have a lot of headaches
nothing bad here what
Carmen is saying I will not take away a comma I doubt
that Marta Riesgo in Olga's place would have
allowed her peace of mind it
is what it is it is an opinion we do
not know Marta Riesgo
maybe we are wrong no but
generally people tend to think that
man that Olga Moreno is a madrasa
that she is a great fighter and Marta
because they see her with a little bit of with
other eyes let's say that they see her with
other eyes
for now we'll see we'll see in
time but these things these things like
today's are the things that make you
think think badly and have a bad
image of Marta or rather what she did
today 5 hours ago the truth is this afternoon does
n't help her at all
she'll think here that she's making
Olga look bad but she's making herself look bad
and surely she'll like Gabino's treatment she does
n't say I've been facing these types of comments for many
months, almost a year I
find the comparisons
made between one and the other comical
aránzazu thank you very much sweetheart
welcome
eleven months aran tzazu eleven months of
membership of almost a year
but even more so when it is said that she is
a great woman who has not wanted to be in the
spotlight I remind you in case you don't
know that I never joined
Survivor despite the offers
I never sat in the deluxe to talk
about my life I have never conceived exclusives
to talk about my life nor do I laugh at
someone who wants to get married and no I have not
received a public apology from anyone of
those who said that I only  I was looking for the
spotlight
people don't have to apologize
for giving their opinion there's a lack of respect
for Marta corazón let's
see it was a bit it
was a bit of a run away the situation when
we saw you giggling and flirting with
sálvame well the truth is that it was giving it was
juju it
was youtube now it seems that if you
keep yourself more in your place it seems that
things are flowing and I'm glad but man you
know everyone has the right to think what they
want no but these things for
example don't favor you and they prove
the people who criticize you
right okay so it comes down to
you throwing it at her Olga that if Olga does
want the spotlight and you don't
Olga has gone to survivors after
20 years of marriage to Antonio Davis she
could surely have done many
more things she has done a couple of covers I think she has
done throughout her life
and she has surely done it
recommended and advised by your boyfriend
Marita and country
manita and country
which is not a criticism but let's
see when when when I am a
married couple my wife and I make
decisions together
for me and everything  what I do in life
my wife's opinion is very important and
if she likes it if you think it's okay if she thinks it's
bad and for her mine be
like if Olga has done it is that I am
sure that behind
Olga's survivor was Antonio had enchanted I do
not understand who it is I do not understand
what the criticism is and what the I do not
understand what the problem is I do
not understand what the problem is with the
organ survivor I have
been five months in new
projects within my production company Unicor
and tag the production company man
why do you get rid of the production company
I think if each Spaniard has a peseta
but I did not see where they have to give your
father of Albert Oliver and dad you have it but
what he said also happened to you about
Ortega and him to Don what a plank we have
family Alex they sent me a
WhatsApp and a link to send jokes there
to see the time
to create steals the only one worth
outside of Mediaset and two weeks ago I
returned to the building where I have been
working for five years as an editor to
ask to be who I was I asked to go back to
work on equal terms with
my partner again  Being a reporter,
editing videos, voice-overs,
this covers it up. I'm proud to
have fought to have continued
working in the profession I chose
10 years ago. Only my effort and my
work have brought me here. I
respect the people who are on
television and in magazines selling their
lives and their privacy,
but I'm not going to stay quiet any longer when
unfair comparisons are made,
comparisons that I've been putting up with
for a year. One is not a lady and the
other is a wreck. I live off my work, which I
studied at the Rey
Juan Carlos University and it got me to La Sexta,
Murcia's science television,
EFE, and Telecinco. You'll see that to
defend your profession and your worth, you don't
have to throw a dart at the other one. Let's
see, you can send the other one as many
darts as you want. Of course, you
can throw the other one as many
darts as you want. I mean, I
would totally be doing my homework. Well, not the
same as we can talk about Marta,
we can talk about Olga, whatever we
think is right or because we think it's wrong,
of course, but man
[Music]
when she's the mother
of your partner's children
and there's a cordiality
and there's a good vibe
and there's a family,
in the end she takes the load off because in the
end the one that's going to go wrong is Antonio to me
because I assume that Antonio is
living bullfighting the situation he doesn't want
one with the other to fight that I don't know what
but man there will come a time when
Antonio David and the Kutxa time he doesn't get you involved
with my family anymore
and on twitter too Javi
seriously
on twitter he has answered maybe
Carmen no sure no
ah look right now
this year
but no not even where they have to give
Javi and her boyfriend doesn't sell she's with
her boyfriend and the children are with Hello
man it's a very strong family union
I've done before it's not going to
sit badly it's not going to sit well for her sorry
Pepa honey he doesn't leave you the umbrella in the
car this that yes we have to
see each other that he's become a member
now without shame
now you are a member he pretends he will
pretend that I thank you something no let's
see he says
[Music]
that my still
says Mr. Peter that he needs to
defend himself thank you very much Raluca
attacking another person and not those who
really made him stay outside
the Telecinco facilities of course
totally right and says Marta I did not
attack anyone I tell you the truths of
everything that has happened in her life and
in mine where are all those
who defended her saying that what I
wanted was fame and that I was going to do this and that I did not
hear anyone ask for forgiveness
what else does it feel like to enter that building
that absurd outbreak the only thing that
harms her is that man with whom she says she is
in love good luck killing 10 over
time has proven all her detractors right it
is that with these things
Saleh harms let go too it must be
difficult to make it seem that you defend
a cause and that you only do it with those who
interest you and that the rest crucify her
it is only for telling the truth about the
person you idolize luckily not
everyone thinks like you hug
furrow
and now she has started to respond to all the to
all the responses
Vanessa Ocaña many  thanks sweetheart
has started to respond and fight with
the people in the responses to peter's tweet
is that I see it coming and I'm going to laugh but no not
even where do they have to give they had
taken my member to me what a cloth part
of the epe for what a cloth says 7 your uncle
has started this tweet in this tweet
Mr. Peter does not
mention her okay
and she has started searching in the
responses to see if someone says something about
her and then answer being the
journalist who wants to be anonymous and since
nobody remembers her she returns to
attack Olga nobody remembers me in
the world of the heart because I have
dedicated myself to rejecting reality shows and
exclusives talking about my private life I
fought to return to my job and as a
reporter and I am working on it but I also
have to defend myself but the thing is that I think she defends you you
defend yourself badly very well
Marta here everyone goes from vigilantes to
harassment that they defamed all the youtubers
nobody apologized only when they saw a
contract with you and denied the signing
of sálvame I
always said that you are a climber nothing thank you very much
This doesn't do them any favors,
this doesn't do them any favors. I'm
sorry, Marta Disco. Now that I
was starting to like her, but Olga is a
lady, no matter how much of a survivor she is, you
only know how to talk about her. When I talk
about you, let me know.
And the one she mentioned to me
after paying me and saying that she wasn't going to
talk about those matters, in other words, it's made
known. And the one she mentioned to
me after paying me, saying that she was
n't going to talk about those
matters, in other words, she mentioned you
saying that she wasn't going to talk about you.
You'll know,
Marta. You'll know.
You'll know.
[Music]